Irma will sleep at my mom's
so we can go to the movies.
-Oh, okay.
-Don't be late.
Don't worry, I'll be there at six.
Okay.
-Not hungry?
-I'm running late.
Give Daddy a hug.
Her braid.
-Big kiss for Mommy.
-Here, Mommy.
-Love you.
-Me too.
Have a good day.
Wish Daddy a good day.
-Ready?
-Ready.
Go.
Coming to lunch?
Meet you there.
Are you Olga Salanueva,
René González's wife?
Did something happen?
We're from the Ministry of the Interior.
He had an accident?
Is he alive?
He's alive, not hurt.
Comrade Salanueva,
your husband is in Florida.
He defected.
He stole a plane,
flew under our radar,
landed at a U.S. airbase in Miami.
If you receive
the slightest information,
it is your duty
to inform us immediately.
You can count on it.
Hello.
Roberto,
you heard about your brother?
Listen--
I need your help
getting through this.
I'll come over later.
I'll tell our parents first.
Okay.
Then we'll tell Irma.
It'll be hard for her to understand
why he abandoned her.
But I'll be there with you. Okay?
I'll help you.
René, your new home.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
Rent is paid. Three months
should give you time to get settled.
It's basic, but don't worry.
We'll help you get more stuff.
Who should I thank?
The CANF.
Cuban American National Foundation.
Jorge Mas Canosa.
Our president.
He will rebuild Cuba.
Anything you need
for your work, your family,
ask him.
You start tomorrow,
Opa-locka airport.
As a flight instructor.
Pay's not great,
but you can earn extra on the side.
May I sit with you?
Let me introduce myself.
No need.
You're José Basulto.
At your service.
"Arch-enemy of the Cuban Revolution."
For me, that's a badge of honor.
You fought in Angola.
Tank commander.
Two years in the jungle.
54 missions.
Good reasons for us to get along.
Why?
We need men like you.
I'm not a politician.
Ever hear
of Gregorio Pérez Ricardo?
The kid was 15
when he fled Cuba on a raft.
But he wasn't as lucky as you.
The U.S. Coast Guard found him
so dehydrated,
they couldn't revive him.
So we set up an organization
called "Brothers to the Rescue",
to help our brothers.
So nothing like that ever happens again.
How do you plan to do that?
Eriberto, a coffee.
Want one?
Sure.
Two.
You know that
I used to be a violent man.
Trained by the U.S. as a terrorist.
My hero was John Wayne.
But not anymore.
Now I'm a kind of...
Jedi.
Like Luke Skywalker.
The Force is with us.
Understand?
Sort of.
It's all about solidarity, humanism.
We'll go find rafters in the sea
and guide them to freedom.
Thank you.
By monitoring the ocean.
We have the planes
but we don't have
enough pilots like you.
It's $25 a run,
plus 25 per flight hour.
Who pays?
Jorge Mas Canosa.
Money is not a problem for him.
The collapse of the Soviet Union
has raised people's hopes.
And yet...
Castro is holding on.
Without Russian money,
he won't last long.
When the regime collapses,
they'll have to return the refineries,
banks, factories. And casinos!
The stakes are enormous for every exile.
Take yourself.
You left your family there.
You're a brave man. You fled communism.
You started over here in Miami.
But...
you have a choice to make.
Keep on gardening...
or help bring democracy
to our country.
You saved them.
Coast Guard on the way!
-Those poor people.
-Good job.
I hope they make it.
Sure they will. Look...
Hey, a gift from Willy Chirino.
Really?
And that one...
Gloria Estefan.
Damn!
Ask her to come christen it.
Good idea
but don't get your hopes up.
What are you doing?
We're crossing Parallel 24.
Entering Cuban airspace.
Listen.
We're not just
a humanitarian organization.
We're a militant organization.
They're showing off.
Showing off, my ass.
Take over.
Follow the Malecon.
Turn right.
Dear Olga,
You haven't answered my letters.
I understand your reasons.
But understand mine.
I'm a pilot.
I don't want to be
a flight instructor all my life.
It's always tough at first
but this is a land of opportunities.
There are plenty for all of us.
I'm checking out schools for Irma.
Dear René,
I've received your many letters.
I'm so saddened by this,
I can't open them.
Here, life is very difficult.
Blackouts last eight hours,
and it's difficult to find food.
It's harder and harder
to get by on my own.
Irma is a big girl now.
She's asking questions.
I hate lying to her.
I don't want her to learn
her father's a traitor.
Believe it or not,
last week we got robbed.
They took all our valuables.
But I'm a fighter, you know that.
You also know I'm not angry with you.
I wish you luck in your new life.
But I regret to tell you,
it won't be with me.
The couch
is the best I can do.
-Don't worry about it.
-It'll help for a while.
It's perfect, thanks.
Listen...
We have associations
that help defectors.
But let me ask you something.
Why did you come?
To deliver pizzas or to strike it rich?
-What about you?
Me?
I'm a biznero, dude.
You know me.
A little bit of everything.
And that's enough?
What do you think?
So?
Should I tell you?
I'm also an FBI informer.
I update them
on the community's mood.
And the pay is good.
Big money!
Thank you for the mass.
Really good. Thank you.
Cousin, come here.
You're a friend
of Nico Gutiérrez's?
His personal trainer.
Great!
Well, Nico...
suggested I call you.
He's working out.
I've told him to for ages.
Look, Basulto.
Your pilot's log.
I was a major in the Air Force.
I used to fly MiGs.
You're more experienced than me.
Want to fly again?
I left Cuba...
to fight the Castros.
In our organization,
there's an elite group.
We call them the kamikazes.
I'd like to know what it's about.
We don't respect safety rules
or the laws of aeronautics.
Meaning?
If you join us,
you'll be flying 9-hour days,
7 days a week, every month, no breaks.
Full time.
My friend...
That's illegal.
Illegal...
And very dangerous.
You're telling me!
I had a fire aboard.
Made a landing on Cayo Sal,
off Venezuela.
Man, was I in deep shit!
Truth is, Juan Pablo Roque,
we at Brothers to the Rescue
need pilots like you.
Cuban Coast Guard ahead.
Change course.
South-southeast. Varadero.
Hey.
-How did it go?
-Things went wrong.
-Nabbed by the Cubans?
-Mm-mm.
They changed course.
Their engine broke down off Varadero.
U.S. Customs found them.
Seized their weapons.
Shit!
Hope they don't talk.
Mm-hm.
No one must know we guided them.
Your family stayed in Cuba?
Yes.
Life is tough there, as you know.
Their connection to me
doesn't make things easier.
It complicates everything.
For them, I'm a traitor.
A gusano.
Sure your wife still loves you?
I'm still in love with her.
I can't live without that woman.
And I think she misses me.
So does my daughter.
I want to believe that.
What about you?
You're a star here, you're on TV and all.
Dude,
if I were a star,
I wouldn't be on this bus with you.
I'd be in a limousine.
You know what?
A paparazzi offered me 5,000
for pictures of me at the beach
with girls in bikinis.
What did you tell him?
Nothing.
I...
I'm starting my life over,
but not like that.
I get it.
I'm marrying Ana Margarita.
No way.
Good going, brother.
Olga.
How did it go?
-Did you eat well?
-Yes.
A fight with her cousin.
I bit him.
Why did you bite him?
I'm not saying.
Go wash and straight to bed.
Look at the time.
Psst, hey!
No goodnight kiss for Uncle?
Come here.
See you tomorrow.
Goodnight, Uncle Roberto.
Goodnight, miss.
There are bags of his clothes
in the bedroom.
I'll give some to our father.
As long as you get rid of them.
I want nothing of René's here.
Now tell me
why you bit your cousin.
We played Memory.
I won all 10 rounds.
I told him I was the champ.
Always bragging.
He said I was the champ,
but my father is a traitor.
You should have explained.
Is it true Daddy's a traitor?
My sweetheart,
I've often told you
why Daddy went abroad.
To do business
to help our country's economy.
Fighting the U.S. embargo.
That's not being a traitor.
That's being a patriot.
-Come here.
Look.
They all say the same thing.
I answered him once
and he should consider himself lucky.
What did you write?
I still love him,
but no way are Irma and I going
to the United States.
My daughter won't be raised by a traitor.
Or live close to a terrorist,
like José Basulto.
I heard René left Basulto
and joined the PUND.
Better pay, supposedly.
With them, you never know
where the fight for a free Cuba ends
and drug smuggling begins.
Know where René will end up?
In jail!
And I won't care a bit.
Hurry up!
Faster!
You saw nothing.
Coño.
René...
-Hello, darling.
-Hello!
-How are you?
-Good.
-Hope you're hungry.
-Pretty hungry.
-Gracias.
Speak Russian?
I learned it in Cuba.
Like you.
Good.
It's about the PUND.
You know the rumor.
They're just a front.
Working with the Colombians.
Smuggling cocaine.
You said you didn't believe it.
First, I didn't.
Tequila.
Mariquitas de platanos!
-Like them?
-Love them.
She's some cook!
I bet.
Cheers!
Hermano.
Salud.
I flew one of their loads myself.
I don't want to get arrested
for drug smuggling.
Roque--
I didn't come to the States
to end up in jail.
I told you.
My cousin Denayf works for the FBI.
He can put you in touch with his boss.
How are you?
René Gonzales.
Nice to meet you.
What I need is an airtight case.
So René...
How far will you go for us?
I won't take part
in their criminal activities.
I'll cut to the chase.
I'm offering you to be an FBI informer.
You'll get $1,500 a week.
All I ask of you
is to brief me on the PUND's activities.
Informer.
Not my thing.
Your friend Juan Pablo Roque
has been working for us for a year.
For the same money.
Now I get it.
Get what?
His lifestyle.
Don't be a cocksucker.
Tell me you're sure.
You made up your mind.
I'm no rat.
Who says working for the FBI
is being a rat?
At least it pays well.
I didn't sacrifice my life in Cuba
to make money here.
Life there is a disaster.
No gas.
Eight hours of electricity a day.
No medicine.
No food. People are starving.
Let me ask you a question.
Know how much
Movimiento Democracia charges
to bring people from Cuba to Florida?
A lot.
But it's for a good cause.
My job...
is to save lives.
This is Charlie 4-0-4-7.
Blue Shark, do you copy?
This is Blue Shark, copy.
Flying along 24th Parallel, 82W.
The sea is clear.
I repeat: Sea is clear.
No Coast Guard. Let's go!
Chino!
Back from a mission?
Don't you have your own sources?
They say the operation was a success.
No casualties. But damage.
-Bad?
-Bad enough.
The Cubans won't shout it from rooftops,
as you can imagine.
The Movimiento may be proud. Not me.
Why, if it's not indiscreet?
I didn't join the resistance
to abet terrorists.
Just to save rafters.
A beer?
Why did you want to see me?
I got news from Olga.
Damn!
She's finally writing back?
Yes.
Her whole life is in Cuba.
Her career,
her friends, family.
-It must be tough for her.
-Yeah.
But...
she's made a decision.
Really?
She'll come and live with me.
Okay, but...
that's much easier said than done.
I'm a U.S. citizen.
And?
The new law prioritizes U.S. citizens.
It's not so simple.
There are quotas,
waiting lists, bureaucracy.
Which is why I need your help.
You have connections in Washington.
Does she have a Cuban exit visa?
No.
No use pulling strings
if they won't let her leave.
Bless and sanctify, Lord,
the love uniting
Juan Pablo and Ana Margarita.
Juan Pablo,
this ring is a symbol
of my love and my loyalty.
In the name of the Father,
the Son and the Holy Ghost.
-May I?
-You may kiss the bride.
Come,
I'd like to introduce you to someone.
Juan Pablo,
It is my honor to introduce you
to the President of the CANF,
Jorge Mas Canosa.
This man will lead us
to a free and democratic Cuba.
An honor to have you here.
A promise of success for our marriage.
My friend, Basulto, says
you're our best pilot.
Available at any hour.
Sir, with all due respect,
from now on,
you'll have to check with my wife
about that.
Congratulations.
-Thank you.
-Thank you for coming.
-He's very handsome.
-Thank you.
Here's the groom.
I'm very happy for you.
If only my wife were here.
She'll come, trust me.
Great crowd.
Jorge Mas Canosa, no less!
He rarely goes out in public.
It's an honor.
He wanted a picture with us.
He even called the press.
Got the missing document?
It arrived this morning.
This morning! I asked for it 3 weeks ago.
Now you can officially quit the tannery.
Are you making the right decision?
Yes, I am.
We need you.
And I know you like your job.
What will you do in Miami?
Start over from scratch?
My daughter needs a father. I told you.
Yes, but that father? A traitor.
Only one she has.
So,
you're sacrificing yourself.
That's one way of looking at it.
Thank you, Luis.
-Yanicé Rodríguez.
-Here.
Caridad de la Nuez.
Not here?
Olga Salanueva.
You go to that desk.
You come here.
-You go there.
-Hello.
Comrade, I brought the document
you requested last time.
And my daughter, as you asked.
Thank you. This will help your case.
But it's not the right one.
What?
I need one
from the Ministry of Light Industry.
-You have it now.
-No.
This is from the Tannery Directorate.
But the Directorate
is part of the Ministry.
Perhaps, but it's different.
-I need--
-No one will ever believe me.
Can I finish?
I'm sorry.
I need a waiver from the Ministry
releasing you from your contract
and stating you have no debts
with the State.
I have no debts at all.
So the document will be easy to get.
Yes?
I couldn't wait to tell you the good news.
I found a job.
For a cargo airline, Arrow Air.
We can get by until you get a job.
And if I pass my engineer exam,
you won't even have to work.
You're not happy?
Listen, René...
I went to the Ministry yesterday.
It didn't go well.
It's your father.
Leave me alone.
Another delay?
Even worse!
I had all the documents
but they invented a new one.
I'm so discouraged.
Please. Not now.
We're getting so close.
You know the real problem.
The problem is you.
Not the documents. It's you.
They'll never let me leave this country.
What's your name?
Manuel Viramontez.
Your parents?
Pedro Viramontez and Rosalina Carrea.
Place and date of birth?
Cameron County, Texas.
January 26, 1967.
My parents returned to Puerto Rico in '70.
Where they're from.
I'm an American citizen.
Your social security number?
Your address in Puerto Rico?
Darlington Building on Boriqueña Avenue,
00925, Apartment 6C, Rio Piedras.
Phone number?
658-1117.
The building?
A white building, eleven floors.
On the first floor
there's a salsa station,
Radio Voz...
Very good, Lieutenant Hernandez.
How long have you been with us?
Six months... studying my role.
Like an actor.
Better than many actors.
I see here
that you joined a video rental club.
Two glass doors.
You had to knock to get in.
$3 a film.
Well, thank you. You're dismissed.
Sir...
So?
His Puerto Rican accent is perfect.
I think he's ready to move to Miami.
To run the Wasp Network.
-If you please.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's toast.
To what?
First, we toast.
Listen Adriana,
my International Relations thesis
was approved.
So no more money problems?
No more money problems.
University pays for travel.
Your travel?
I'm going away.
For several months.
But...
we said we'd have a child.
We will.
When I come back.
When you come back.
Of course.
I don't want to hurt you.
-I'd hoped--
-For what?
You'd finish your studies here,
become a diplomat,
as you always said.
I will do that.
No.
You're going away.
Adriana,
what I'm telling you
mustn't leave this room.
For our love's sake,
it must never leave this room.
You have my word.
Anti-Castroist groups in Miami
want to choke Cuba's economy.
It's why they're attacking
our tourism industry.
They want the world to think
Cuba is dangerous.
The only way to stop them is to infiltrate
their organizations in Florida.
And find out what they're planning.
We already have
men on the ground.
They're waiting to be coordinated.
They asked me
to run this network.
And I said yes.
The Wasp Network.
-What's this?
-C4!
-Welcome.
-Hello.
Have a seat.
Thank you.
So...
you're joining your husband in Miami.
Yes, but I'm doing it for my daughter.
So she's near her father.
It's important that you know the truth.
Your husband, René González,
is not a traitor.
Your husband is a hero.
A hero?
He sacrificed everything
for our Revolution.
His relationship with you,
with your daughter.
He is in Miami on a mission.
To infiltrate terrorist organizations
and warn us about their plans.
He's helped save many lives.
Now that you're joining him,
you must know.
But most important...
your daughter
must never find out.
Never.
Understand?
Do I have your word?
Yes.
Truth is,
I made the same choice as your husband.
I'm in Miami, too.
I'm in contact with him,
and now with you.
I came back to tell you.
It's important that you understand:
your safety,
your husband's,
your daughter's, mine,
everyone's safety
depends on you and your silence.
You can trust me.
My God!
All these years, I feel like...
Excuse me.
All this...
I need to take it in little by little,
not all at once.
Damn! Ever the star!
I'll help you!
How did you do that?
I slipped in the shower.
I'm sorry.
And you can't fly?
No... not with a brace.
Hmm.
We had to reorganize at the last minute.
Don't miss the plane.
Your ticket to Havana.
Give us our course,
our direction...
Give us our course, our direction...
and guide our planes
to our brothers on the sea.
Good luck.
Good luck, everyone.
Spirit of Miami,
change your speed to 150.
Here's Spirit of Miami.
Changing to 150.
4-6-8 what is your altitude?
1,700 meters. Three planes in sight.
Switch on your radars.
Copy that.
Target locked. It's a private plane.
We've got company.
Enemy MiGs flying around us.
There's no risk.
Just scare tactics!
Permission to shoot.
Now or never! Permission, dammit.
-Authorized.
-4-6-5, permission granted.
He vanished.
Sure he's not behind us?
Got him!
Got the bastard!
Seagull One? Hear from Spirit?
Negative.
See smoke on my left?
I see smoke!
The two other Cessnas?
Yes, still on course.
Stay in the zone at a low speed.
See the MiG?
The MiG?
Where the fuck is it?
No...
I see flames.
Where are the flames?
Damn it! Answer!
Another plane ahead.
Permission to shoot.
Authorized.
4-6-5. Permission to fire.
Where the fuck is the MiG?
Son of a bitch!
Destroyed!
Our country or death!
They're fucking shooting!
-Hello?
-Is Roque there?
Hi René!
No, he left for the weekend.
He can't be reached.
Is he with the Brothers?
No, he broke his arm. He can't fly.
Thank God!
What's going on?
Turn on your TV.
I want to ask the world
which self-respecting country
would be willing to accept,
on its own territory,
the major violations perpetrated
against ours...
Come on, Irma!
Don't be greedy!
Little girl...
you're not in Cuba anymore.
You don't have to save food.
My girl!
You're different.
Very?
Yes.
Welcome.
-My girl.
-Dad.
-How are you?
-Good.
My child, do you remember me?
I'm your great-grandmother, Teté.
You were a baby
when I left Cuba.
Look! This old lady is my sister Gladys.
-How are you?
-Good, and you?
-Good.
-Really good, no?
Leave it. I'll do that.
I'll say good night to Irma.
You glad to be in Miami?
I'm scared.
Scared of what?
I don't know.
Of life.
Life here?
Everything's different.
I know.
Daddy's here.
You have nothing to fear.
Look.
This photo of Fidel...
Hide it.
What is it?
If you were really a traitor,
you'd have torn it up.
Sleep well.
I have some friends
who said they'd help us.
They mentioned
a job not far from here.
In an old people's home.
You'll have time to take care of Irma.
It'll be hard to keep Irma out of this.
Better to keep things as they are.
You had no problem keeping me out of it.
Will you forgive me?
Truth is, I don't know.
I understand you.
And I, you.
You did it for your country,
for our Revolution.
I respect that. I even admire you.
But the cost was high.
For us, for your family.
I don't know if you realize
what we went through.
For years I had a pain here
that wouldn't go away.
I feel the same way.
It won't be easy to forget.
It's not the life I wanted
for my daughter and me.
I'll make up for it--
You made a decision
and we had to deal with it.
Those wounds need time to heal.
Remember how old Irma was
when you left?
-Come on--
-She was 6.
Olga, please...
Don't remind me how old she was
when I left Cuba.
But remember it was your choice,
not mine, not hers.
I am here with you. In Miami.
I never gave up on being your wife,
not even in Cuba.
Being the wife of a traitor there
isn't easy.
And I'm glad I made that choice.
Why do you think
I trained in radio transmission?
And all that other stuff.
So I can help you! To be on your side.
But don't expect it to happen overnight.
I need time.
I need time, and so does our daughter.
You have all the time in the world.
As long as you give me reason to hope.
Don't worry.
We're together again.
Can I hope?
Of course.
I've always loved you. Always.
Since Roque defected,
Mas Canosa thinks there are more moles.
It's become too dangerous for the CANF
to plan attacks on Cuba.
They don't want to put the U.S. in a jam.
So they have to keep
a low profile.
Thank you.
They need a new strategy.
To step up their ops.
Can we implicate Mas Canosa?
No smoking gun.
They're very cautious.
And guess who's in charge.
Luis Posada Carriles.
Posada Carriles, that motherfucker.
They're recruiting in Central America.
Nicaragua, El Salvador.
They want mercenaries.
Guys who'd kill their moms for a buck.
You need money?
I'm good.
So why you selling your car?
It's my sister's. We live together.
One car is enough.
If you need anything,
just call.
You know,
I have friends who'd pay a man like you,
reliable and brave.
I don't touch drugs.
This isn't about drugs.
It's about planting a bomb.
What for?
No questions. It's part of the deal.
I'll answer you once and for all.
In 1989,
Cuba produced 8 million tons
of cane sugar.
Today... three million or less.
Without tourism,
their economy would plummet
and the Castro regime would collapse.
You have to hit where it hurts.
Hotels, beaches.
It's dangerous.
15,000 Colones per bomb.
And legal fees in case of trouble.
-Welcome to Cuba.
-Thank you.
Old Havana.
Sorry I'm late.
My meeting just ended.
We're enjoying our last day in Cuba.
Tonight we'll be freezing in Toronto.
Come, I booked a restaurant.
What was that?
Construction work at Hotel Panorama.
Mind if I take off my T-shirt?
Do as you please.
Your pants too if you want.
You're the customer.
-Why are we stuck?
-Roadblock.
Something happen?
Must be Fidel going somewhere.
They want us somewhere else!
Let's go!
-Yes?
-Congratulations.
The attacks made the press.
I told you I don't care.
I need money. I can't even afford a taxi.
Your money is in Havana.
An envelope at Hotel Capri.
Wait here. I'll get the money.
Raúl Ernesto Cruz León. That's my name.
Nothing in that name, sir.
An envelope?
No, this is all I have.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Don't try to resist!
We saw you dumping this stuff
in a trash can in Cervantes Park.
Recognize it?
No.
The explosions
at the Tritón and Chateau hotels
left only minor injuries
and material damage.
But at the Copacabana,
an Italian tourist had his throat slit
by a metal shard.
He's dead.
If you cooperate...
you may be able to save your ass.
Otherwise...
it's the firing squad.
Hey, man.
-Olga?
-In the bathroom.
So?
You have news.
Mas Canosa is very sick.
-How sick?
-He won't last the year.
They have a plan to kill Fidel.
It's in here.
As always.
Mas Canosa's last wish.
Last wish indeed.
On Margarita Island, Venezuela.
The Ibero-American Summit.
-That's very soon, barely a month away.
-Yes.
They have a boat, the Esperanza,
leaving from Puerto Rico.
Listen,
let's pass this on to the FBI.
-The FBI?
-Yes.
Catch the CANF red-handed
and we score a major victory, man.
Hello, Olga.
-How are you?
-Good.
Let's toast.
To what?
Cruz León's arrest.
Four bombs. One dead tourist.
-You feel responsible?
-Sure.
We're here to stop that.
We did what we can.
We tracked them down,
dismantled their organization.
The recruiter is on the run now.
But we have reasons to celebrate.
Indeed.
We have some good news for you.
What's happening?
I'm pregnant!
Yes.
We waited to tell you until we were sure.
Now we are.
I had an ultrasound.
Everything's fine. It's a girl.
Congratulations! Great news.
-Thank you.
-Got a name yet?
-Yes, Ivett.
-Ivett.
-Pretty, isn't it?
-Yes, very.
Ivett... I like it.
-How is Irma doing?
-Fine.
She speaks fluent English.
-Irma is jealous, of course.
-Hmm.
But she'll get over it.
We all have to. Just watch out.
I know, poor thing.
But there's no other remedy
but to learn she's not the center.
You think
the heads of the CANF will be affected
by the Cuban intel given to the FBI?
Well...
Mas Canosa is not around anymore.
He passed.
He always said
he didn't want to know of my activities.
I don't think the CANF
will be upset.
But the communist Cubans
have a lot to worry about.
Why would you say that?
Do the math.
Where does Cuban intel come from?
A Cuban spy ring in Miami.
Honestly...
you think the FBI
can tolerate such activities
on American soil?
I highly doubt it.
Good afternoon.
Fine.
Yes, yes. Some other time.
Sorry to bother you.
Thank you very much.
-How's it going?
-Great.
-How about your exam?
-9/10.
Hey, honey.
Here on Friday?
No Movimiento Democracia meeting?
It's next week instead.
Great.
So I'm home. Enjoying a rest.
What about you?
Can you change her?
I smell something off.
Something off?
What did you do?
I'll help.
That's why you're crying.
Look at me!
What?
Nice light. I want a picture.
In my underwear?
Closer. I want the three of you.
Look at the camera!
Yes.
Olga, don't worry, my love.
Such bad manners.
-What?
-Nothing. Don't look.
Amarylis, it's me Olga.
Good and you?
Imagine here!
I need a favor.
Can you get Ivett to daycare?
You have no idea of the circus here.
Please let me come.
I'd love to. But you know you can't.
And you must watch your sister.
In this bag, milk, water and diapers.
Tell Daddy I love him.
Believe me, he'll be overjoyed.
He sacrificed his family.
Don't say that!
Your father is brave,
guilty only of fighting for his country.
-How about us?
-He does his duty.
I wish he wasn't a soldier.
I won't tell him that.
I'll say his daughter is like him.
Strong and courageous.
Can I?
Hey, can I?
I'm getting by.
I was able to keep my job.
I'm glad.
My boss is a good man.
Who'd have thought?
What?
I'm trying to imagine your life in jail.
I'm in a 6-by-12 foot cell.
The only light comes
from a horizontal slat.
20 inches long, 6 inches wide.
High up and out of reach.
That's my life.
And the girls?
How are they dealing with it?
It's tough, especially for Irma.
But we're okay.
The FBI offered me a plea deal.
What does that mean?
Informing for a reduced sentence.
And?
Five of the others agreed to it.
They'll speak?
You won't cooperate, will you?
You and the girls will be deported
if I don't.
Mr. President, as you know,
10 Cuban Americans, of Cuban origin,
were arrested and accused
of spying for your government.
What can you say about this?
What struck me, and we denounced it
to the U.N.,
was how amazing it was
that the biggest spy in the world...
would accuse of espionage
the most spied upon country
in the world.
Yes, we have sent Cuban citizens
to infiltrate
counter-revolutionary organizations.
In order to report back
on activities of great interest to us.
And I think we have the right to do so.
As long as the U.S. tolerates
the organization of sabotage,
armed incursions,
attacks of tourist facilities,
smuggling weapons and explosives,
and attacks on our economy,
our tourism industry.
All these things which we have denounced.
Little darling...
Give a kiss to Daddy,
give him a kiss.
-Show him your duck.
-My love.
Ducky fell again?
Another kiss.
She's a beauty.
Prettier than her pictures.
I brought you a package.
They need to check it first.
I'll get it later.
Mostly food and books.
It's your birthday, remember?
I'm sorry Irma isn't here.
She's safer in Cuba.
I know.
She's with her Granny,
who takes good care of her.
-You speak?
-Every day.
School's going well?
Yes. And she asks about you every day.
I can't talk to her yet.
It's too painful.
Tell her Daddy loves her.
I tell her that every day.
When things get better,
we'll be together again.
You know it won't be soon.
You and Ivett will go to Cuba
to join Irma.
Then what?
I won't cooperate.
I just told my lawyer.
I can't testify against my brothers.
I just can't.
Even those
who testify against you?
No.
Their morals aren't mine.
Tell me if I have your support.
Yes, you do.
We'll be separated for a while.
You know that.
I won't let you go through this alone.
I'll visit you as often as they let me.
I'll always be there for you.
And for our daughters.
I promise.
Sure you won't stay?
I have to go.
We must be prepared.
I understand.
When things clear up,
I'll come back for her.
And if they don't?
Then she'll stay with you for a while.
I know you'll tend to her
as if you were her mother.
Thank you.
Teté.
Look at her, so tiny. And so sweet.
Mama.
We'll see each other soon.
Look at me.
Look at Mommy.
I love you.
A little kiss.
Come with Grandma.
Bye!
See you soon!
I love you.
-I adore you.
-Bye, Mommy!
Thank you, Teté.
I love you.
-Bye-bye, Mommy!
-See you soon.
Mommy!
See you, Mommy!
Mommy.